[docs] add text_log to server configuration parameters (#13190)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md

Keys:

-   `enabled` – Boolean flag to enable the feature, `false` by default. Set to `true` to allow sending crash reports. 

> -   `endpoint` – You can Overrides the Sentry endpoint URL for sending crash reports and use your self-hosted Sentry installation. Use [Sentry DSN](https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/quickstart/?platform=native#configure-the-sdk) syntax. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `endpoint` – You can override the Sentry endpoint URL for sending crash reports. It can be either separate Sentry account or your self-hosted Sentry instance. Use the [Sentry DSN](https://docs.sentry.io/error-reporting/quickstart/?platform=native#configure-the-sdk) syntax. 
```

</query_thread_log>
```

## text\_log {#server_configuration_parameters-text_log}

Settings for the [text\_log](../../operations/system-tables/text_log.md#system_tables-text_log) system table for logging text messages.

Parameters:

> -   `level` — Maximum Message Level (by default `Trace`) which will store in table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `level` — Maximum Message Level (by default `Trace`) which will be stored in a table.
```

> -   `database` — Database for storing a table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `database` — Database name.
```
